Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again tonight. I think my mic's good.
We're going to just go over some things that the Lord showed us last night in prayer.
And boy, what a time of prayer we had last night. If anybody joined us last night, I encourage you to go back.
You can fast forward the first 30 minutes if you don't want to be a part of that.
But there was a lot that the Lord showed us for the future and what's coming. There was a lot of detail to these visions.
There were a lot of things that I don't feel comfortable sharing right now on a live forum, but I will share what I feel in my heart that I can share, the detail of what keeps me in a good river.
That's a good way to say it, maybe. I don't know. But okay, let's go over some of the things.
Do you want to talk about what was going on in the news first? Whatever.
That's the building. What is that building? Where is that? They're voting on it.
I think it's the AI. Is that a fake building, son? No. But this is Don Jr.; Eric Trump posted this. He said, 'First look at Donald Trump officially here.
I poured my heart and soul into this project with an incredible team.'Well, it doesn't have the AI on the side of the building, though.
It doesn't have LED screens. I saw LED screens on the side of the building and it was the tallest Trump building they have built.
Now, as I was watching this Trump building, it was all at the top just like this.
Well, that's pretty cool, son. That's probably what I was seeing right there.
But it looked like in the vision—well, you can go ahead and show them that.
That's pretty substantial. That's pretty cool. Do you have it?
Are they seeing it? I didn't see on the inside of it. How beautiful.
So, it has a ballroom in it? I don't know if this is Trump's ballroom or like he mixed it.
Okay. So, where is this? Miami, Florida. So, he's building it in Miami. 'First look at Donald Trump officially here.
Over the past six months, I poured my heart into this project with my incredible team at Donald Trump.'So, the building actually exists right now.
I haven't looked into it. Let me see. This looks like AI footage.
You know, the base of the building doesn't look like that in the vision. I don't see the presidential seal and all that.
Whenever I saw Baron going up the steps, it was all glass front like that.
And do you see how the pictures are all in the side like that? I didn't see that.
It looked really fat at the bottom, but as it went up, it got skinnier, but there was actual like pictures on the side of this building that had holograms that look like AI technology.
And so, I know when you're looking over in the spirit and you're looking at something, some things are symbolic.
It's not necessarily that it's going to be AI on there. I don't know because let me just talk about it for those that didn't.
You don't have to show me no more. Okay. I saw Eric Trump last night and I saw Don Jr.
last night as we were praying for the family. And Don Jr. was standing away from Eric in this vision.
He was probably a good hundred yards away. Looked like he was this way from him and within running distance.
I don't want to see it; it's distracting me. As you scroll, I have to focus.
This is really important. I'm trying to look into the vision and I see colors.
So, as I was looking into this, I could see Eric with this white shirt on, with a striped-looking tie on that was very colorful and beautiful, and his hair was blowing.
It looked like he has a lot of gel or some kind of product in his hair that's not going to move his hair, but in the vision, his hair was moving and he was very distressed on his face as he was watching his brother.
And I could see Don Jr. standing on these steps. Let me pray real quick.
Father, I take authority over every demonic spirit that would try to hinder me in any way tonight.
I apply the blood of Jesus over my house, over me, my wife, my children.
And I thank you, Lord, for being uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I take authority over hexes and vexes. All kinds of satanic attack try to come against us.
We apply the blood and we thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
It will not bear fruit. It falls to the ground and it will not bear fruit.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are gathered all around and about this house.
Father, I thank you, Lord. My thoughts are clear and I speak clear.
And I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, for your hand on our home and on my children, my wife, and us in Jesus'name.
Thank you for our angels. Amen and amen. All right. Well, as I was looking into this, I saw Don Jr. on the steps and I saw a massive tornado.
And this tornado was whipping all around Don Jr., and it was so much so that when you see tornadoes, if you're really close to them, from the debris coming off of the tornado, it will actually send things into your skin.
It's like sandblasting; the force of the wind is so much it tears the flesh up.
It will tear your flesh up just by being next to it because of how fast the winds are blowing.
And when you take a projectile like a straw or a piece of hay or something, it can actually penetrate through your body like a bullet.
It's that serious. Like logs or rocks or whatever blowing at 300 miles an hour.
And so it actually will cause damage from the shrapnel—is what I want to call the shrapnel.
Well, as I saw this tornado, it looked like an EF5 went right up to Don Jr.
that was blowing so hard it was tearing his flesh on his face, and he was standing there and it looked like he was in agonizing pain.
As we were praying, this tornado that was sent to him started to shrink in front of him.
It was just about three feet out from him. And the tornado was not allowed to engulf him, but it started to shrink.
And as it started to shrink, it became smaller and smaller to the point that it was the size of a bottle of water.
Say it was like this. You see this? So this is like 11 ounces. Okay.
So it's about like that. It was so that you could put it in his hand.
It was a tornado that was so massive that filled all of downtown New York. I could see Trump Tower. It was all at the bottom.
I could see the letters Trump and it was the building where they have the main Trump headquarters, the main Trump building in New York.
I could see this major tornado that was headed for Don Jr. and it was so close to him that it was actually causing and inflicting wounds on his face.
It shrunk as it went down, and we started to intercede and pray for the protection of the Trump family.
The force of the wind was so powerful that it was taking Eric Trump's tie and it was lifting it up toward the storm.
I could see him in a panic looking at his brother, saying you're in harm's way, and he was reaching his hands for his brother trying to help him.
But Don Jr. stood there and his face looked very strange to me as he started to have holes in his face and he started burning from the inside out. And his face was burning.
Do you know how when you light a match on a piece of paper and it spreads if you light a circle and it burns like this and it's opening and getting bigger and bigger as you see something burning?
It was doing that on splotches on his face, but as you were looking at his face, these splotches were completely blacked out circles with fire as it spread.
And you could see where his flesh was in this storm. I could see it.
But the storm became smaller and smaller as the body of Christ prayed.
I could see we were interceding, and it got smaller to the point where He could put the storm in His hand.
I didn't see Him move off of the steps. He stood there the whole time looking out over the city of New York.
I saw a brand-new Trump Tower being built, similar to what my son showed you—it could be the exact same tower.
It shot up; it was a glass-front building and it had 'Trump'at the top of the building, not at the bottom base above the doors.
It was at the top, and it said 'Trump.'It was beautiful. But as it went down, it went into a V that looked like a triangle base, similar to the building in Oklahoma City.
If you know of the Oklahoma City building, it's a huge building with a V in it, but underneath it was an LED screen that had videos of President Trump. It looked like an advertisement of some kind.
But as I was watching this, I saw Barron, and he had a bow tie on with a tuxedo jacket that went into fishtails, like the tails on a black tuxedo, which was very nice, with really shiny black shoes.
He had a bow tie with a nice cummerbund, like you would have if you were dressed up for a wedding or a formal event.
He looked very classy and nice. He was marching toward this building that looked like a skyscraper.
It was a massive building that was bigger than the Trump Tower in New York; it was probably double the size.
This massive, beautiful building. As I was looking at this, I saw Barron going up the stairs and he went inside the building.
All of a sudden, the building started to have a blockchain. You know how the Matrix was spreading, like numbers?
It was spreading all over this building. It lit up with green numbers that looked like bank codes.
It was moving, and I could see the whole building become some kind of matrix. I don't know how to describe this; I'm trying my best.
Eric was standing over to the side and all of a sudden, crypto coins were in front of him that became alive with legs, hands, and faces.
Each one of them had symbols of which coin they were or what part of the blockchain they were.
There were so many coins there. They were marching in a line, walking like M&Ms characters. You know how you see those M&Ms cartoon commercials?
They have hands and they're like, 'I'm peanut and he's regular flavored.'It was the cartoon M&Ms.
These looked like those coins, but they had white gloves with little black stick arms—like Mickey Mouse gloves—big white gloves, puffy hands, with big feet and little black stick legs that had huge shoes like little baby doll shoes.
But the coins had big eyes and they were walking and became alive.
All of a sudden, those coins were all in a line as it looked like he was driving them, with his tie messed up because he was looking at the whirlwind that was going around them.
He started driving those coins toward that building. They went into the building. I got ahead of myself on this.
They went into the building and then I saw the digital writing on the side of the building.
As this was taking place, the building started to grow. It was very fat and had a very strong base at the bottom.
The higher it went up, it got skinnier and it got a point at the top.
It looked like a tower, and the further it went up, the skinnier it got. But it was a huge, strong platform base that would stand.
It dwarfed the other Trump building, which became a lot smaller because of how big this building was.
I thought it was really interesting as I was looking into this vision. This is how it all started.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for Don Jr., pray for the Trumps.'Because it was double what was in the other building, and that was about their real estate in New York.
I thought it was really interesting. It was very colorful. I could see the coins and they were waddling as they were going, like they were in a parade.
You know, kind of like the Seven Dwarfs: 'Heigh-ho, Heigh-ho, it's off to work we go.'That's the way they were moving as they were dancing back and forth, going into the building.
They were waddling. They weren't marching; they were waddling.
And they went into the building. Then the Lord showed me Iran.
I saw them being completely decimated to the point where all their buildings were on fire.
I could see smoke and fire burning all over their oil. Oil was burning all over the place.
It looked like something out of a Mad Max movie—bad times. I don't know how else to describe it to you.
Iran looked like it was set back to the Stone Age. As I saw this, I saw Babylon—old Babylon—rising.
I saw certain faces in Iraq that were being held back because of Iran's control.
The Prince of Persia, the demonic spirit over Iran, had a hold of the financial system of Iraq. It had a very strong stronghold on it.
His fingers were no longer able to grip it because of what was happening inside of its own place. And he perched himself on the mountain.
I saw a demonic being, looking like a demonic bird, perching himself on the top of the mountain in Iran.
And he sat there looking out. He was wounded. Trump wounded it.
And I saw it sit there. But what once had a hold of Babylon no longer had a hold of it.
I saw palm trees spring forth. I saw growth of business spring forth.
I saw oil wells and oil derricks and money flowing. I saw Rolls-Royces, Ferraris, and Lamborghinis.
I saw money going around Iraq. What was once being held back by Iran broke its fingers off.
There was corruption still in Iraq, but it wasn't enough to keep it from doing what Iran was preventing it from doing.
All of a sudden, I saw Maliki's face. I saw certain people that were puppets of Iran start to fade away and new leadership come in. I heard it would be blessed like Saudi Arabia.
I saw MBS rise up and start to have a part in Iraq and other parts of the Middle East because the unwanted stepchild, Iran, was dealt with, and the beast system began to rise.
I saw blessing coming on the Middle Eastern countries that had oil and gas wealth, starting to come up because a hindrance that was once there was no longer there.
And I saw MBS start to really take shape as a leader like you've never seen before.
I saw a two-state solution starting to be talked about with Israel, and I saw Jared Kushner was one of the forerunners of this.
I saw him in a black coat, a black tie, and a white shirt, with dark circles under his eyes, as he was negotiating a two-state solution with MBS in the days ahead.
I couldn't see past it. He knows I've discussed all this already.
I think I'm just going to leave that alone. I don't want to talk yet.
I know, I'm going to go there. I just don't want to talk anymore about Israel.
Okay, right. So, as I was looking into this, I saw the beast system. I saw Russia, I saw Ukraine, and I saw the war.
But as I was seeing this, I saw people coming to the table to talk about Ukraine.
I saw Russia say, 'We want the whole thing,'but they got the land that they have conquered.
And it was going clear up to Kyiv, and they were devising a plan of how to get rid of Zelensky.
'How do we eliminate Zelensky?'They wanted to bring in a proxy government—to bring in a new government over Ukraine because they wanted all of it to be pro-Russia and pro-Ukraine, but more pro-Russia than Zelensky, and to eliminate the man Volodymyr Zelensky off of the face of the earth.
I saw a plan. As I was looking into this, I was taken to Taiwan.
I could see lights and digital things coming up out of Taiwan, but I couldn't see any further than that for whatever reason.
There was a barrier around Taiwan of prayer, and it was like lights of gold.
I went to Cuba. I could see Cuba in fast-forward motion, like a time-lapse.
All of a sudden, Cuba started growing with economic developments all on the northern side of the island facing towards America.
It was growing with hotels and industry, and tourist cruise ships were going there.
Major holiday spots—like people always say, 'Brandon, I want to go there for holiday; I want to go there for a vacation'—it looked like some kind of five-star resorts where you would be waited on hand and foot.
It was just a blessing of relaxation. It looked like some kind of really classy five-star resorts all coming up on the shoreline.
And I could see the auto industry, but it looked like something like Hawaii, like the economic development in Honolulu. That's all I can say.
I could see men with nice linen shirts and nice hats, smoking cigars, playing golf, and relaxing as if they were on vacation.
They were drinking special alcohol. It looked like a resort.
As I was looking into it, I could see a great revival coming—all kinds of things when I was looking into Cuba last night. It looked like a blessing for the Cuban people.
Then I was praying into California, and the Lord said, 'Do you see?'When I paused there, I could see California and I could see the people of California were fed up with Gavin, were fed up with the way their politics are going.
As we uncover all this great fraud, I saw the people of California becoming outraged, saying 'enough is enough.'And the Lord said, 'Pray into this: a red wave of political shaking that would shake the United States and the world for a red wave that would try to come over California, flipping the governor to a Republican, flipping seats into the Republican House.'Like Nancy Pelosi, bye-bye.
A new wave of red trying to spring forth out of California. Now, I'm not saying all of it, but I saw red like it was painted red across California.
And the Lord said, 'Pray into that.'There's much more corruption that needs to be uncovered concerning this to bring the people into enlightenment and being enraged that they've been played.
But the Lord said it's the same over Minnesota. Pray for a red wave over Minnesota, for a rising up of people who are fed up.
I can still see going into November; I was praying into the election. The Lord said, 'You can win the Senate.'I saw it won by one.
I was praying to keep it Republican by praying in the right leaders, and I saw one seat.
Then I saw the House, and the Lord said, 'You can pray this,'and I saw the House staying by more than 20 seats.
I saw the number 20. Remember 20? What was that about again? I saw 20.
Was that something personal? Yes, it was. I've seen so much lately; that was something else.
So, forgive me. I bring personal things in, but it all has to do with the same thing, doesn't it? Praying into the 20.
I keep praying into these things that the Lord is talking to me about—my personal ministry, the time frames of things, and praying for President Trump because he said he's tired.
He needs help. And that's why I tried to tell you all—I wasn't trying to pick at him last night, but I'm going to tell you, you must pray for him.
He won't make it without our prayers. It gets to the point where you all need to have discernment for yourselves.
You need to hear God for yourself, but you need to filter it with the Word.
Everything you are hearing and how you try to correct me—filter it with the Scripture.
Pray about our nation. Pray for us to be a sheep nation. Pray for us to stay and have a great revival.
Pray for a shaking and awakening in the churches. But when you're praying and seeing into things, like I said, we see in part and hear in part.
You think things are right here—it looks like it's right on your nose—but yet it's just a couple years out.
It could be a little further out than what you think. Because in our natural mind, we don't understand the spirit realm when it comes to time. God's vast. There is no beginning and there is no end.
So His timing of when He says something's coming—and you say, 'Soon, Brandon, when is soon?'—soon to God could be 10 years, 20 years, or a lot of things.
But you don't try to add to or take away from anything you hear or see.
I deliver it as I see it. To add a time frame to it would be really stupid.
To say, 'Well, this is my opinion'—who cares about Brandon Biggs's opinion?
I'm just as flawed as you all are. Everybody has issues. I don't exalt myself above anything.
That's what I'm telling you all. I'm just human. I have issues I'm overcoming just like you all do.
I'm just a person used just like you all are. Regardless, this channel and everything has just been God's grace.
Everybody has something we're working through. Everyone has something that you're seeking Him for—healing, finances, protection, whatever it may be.
But we work out our salvation with fear and trembling. That's what I try to tell you all: when you get real with God, God will become real to you.
I get tired of all the celebrity charismatic Christian stuff; it is over the top.
When you talk to people and they're real with you, they are just as real.
They go through things just like you do. We're all a work in progress.
Humble yourselves underneath the mighty hand of God. Humble yourself.
That's the bottom line. There is so much spiritual pride, and I see it all the time. A lot of arrogant people, and you go, 'Hold on a minute.
Don't you realize that I walk in a seer's anointing, and I can see all your mess, and I never tell anyone anything?
I see the mess on a lot of people that think they have a lot going on for them.
Some of them are on TV, and I look at them and go, 'But the Lord reveals everything about your business to tell me to pray for you.'He says, 'Listen, don't be like that.
Humble yourself, Brandon. Remember the janitor.'It's interesting as a watchman because I see things that nobody else will see because the Lord allows me to.
Then he shows me things about myself all the time, and I don't even feel worthy to do anything.
Some days I say, 'God, thank God it's all by your grace,'but it really sets the stage for me to realize it has nothing to do with you and everything to do with how good God is and how merciful he is that he would even look in my direction.
It's all by his grace. I said, 'God, thank you for using somebody like me.'The other night—I try to explain this all the time—I don't know if he's going to show up tonight.
I don't control it. Sometimes people want you to snap your fingers and think you control it and make this happen.
But I can't control any of it. I am yielded to him. I'm just here. If you choose to use me again, fine.
But I don't know how long I'll be doing this because I don't control any of it.
He could say, 'I'm done tomorrow,'and I'll be there saying, 'Well, okay.
I'll go back to selling on eBay and Poshmark full-time, really hitting it hard, trying to find things to flip.'Diana does it now, but I used to help her with the measurements.
I'd sit there for hours and measure all the clothes for the people because they always want to return them.
eBay's return policy is terrible; you have to measure all the armpits and tell everybody if there's a stain.
That was my job. Now Diana does that by herself, bless her heart. But it is what it is.
I just want to tell you, that's why I try to say I'll pastor and I'll teach you all prayer and do what God's called me to do until he tells me to do something else.
Whenever he told me about praying and having a theater in Branson, I didn't know when I would do it.
I priced them; they're high dollar, millions of dollars. So you go, 'Okay, what does ministry look like?'I always say, 'What's your five-year plan?
What's your 10-year goal?'If the Lord carries, where will I be by the time I'm such and such age, 50 or 60 years old, whatever?
What do you want to do? Because I had a dream to get here to pray and do what God's called me to do, but it took years.
As I was praying this morning, he said, 'You don't realize all the years that you were on the back side of the desert as a janitor at that church, being a janitor at that mega-ministry, being a janitor here and doing what I've called you to do.
I was growing great taproots with you.'I said, 'What do you mean?'He said, 'You're freaking out because of all the fruit and all that I've done and how everything has happened so quickly, but it took years of cultivation that nobody saw. There were great roots that I've had growing way down deep.
The greater the root, the greater the growth of the tree can be to sustain it because a strong wind can't blow over a tree that has great roots.'And he said just because you didn't see the outward growth doesn't mean I wasn't growing a deep taproot with you, Brandon and Diana.
He said, 'Don't underestimate the 20-some years I had you being a janitor and doing what you did.
There were great taproots as you said yes to everything I told you to do.'So I say to you, you may not see much fruit on the outside right now, but God has cultivated great taproots on the inside of you that have gone way down deep in the Holy Ghost soil, the soil of life.
And you think, 'When is my time? When is God going to do this? When is he going to bring the promises of the prophecies spoken over my life?'He told me I was going to do this.
I'm the coat of many colors, but yet I'm in the prison. That's what you may feel.
I have a prophecy, a coat of many colors, and yet my brother sold me into slavery.
And now I'm in Potiphar's house, and the blessing's on it and it's prospering, but his wife accused me of this and now I'm in prison. How many years go by?
But the taproot was growing so deep in the soil that when Joseph got to the place of his time—it's time for you, buddy, to be second-in-command of all of Egypt—the fruit that was displayed came because the root went much deeper.
Does that make sense? The character that it took to handle it so he wouldn't become arrogant. They would say, 'Look at you now.
You were broken and you were humbled.'That's why I realize whenever the Lord speaks to me about some of these things he's told me to do, I keep that janitor in and I don't want to deviate from it.
So help me because, honestly, the more this keeps growing, and I know I live in a Christian state...
maybe it wouldn't be so bad in California; people might not notice me as much. But the more this happens, the more I grow.
When you live in an area where there's a lot of believers, I'm not into the celebrity stuff.
I just don't care about it. To me, this is like whatever. It's just growing pains, just learning how to deal with all this.
This is a learning process for me. I'm just real with you. That's why I tell you when I come in here, I don't know if he's going to show up.
I just trust. He says, 'Do it.'Okay, I'll do it. 'You want me to pray with the people tonight?'Yeah.
'What do you want me to say?'What you're saying. Certain things. He'll tell me to shut up like earlier.
It's interesting because there's a lot of you that are believing for your manifestation of what you're believing for.
I'm just telling you, Brandon Biggs, just try to be obedient. Whatever he's told me to do, I've done it.
He said, 'Fill up the water pots like he did at the wedding supper.'And he said, 'It's not my time yet, woman.'Then he went up there and filled up the water pots and boom, the water turned into wine.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it. I just do it. He said, 'I didn't call you to be in front of a pulpit yet.
That day is coming. You go in front of a camera.'Hopefully that helps somebody.
I know that's a lot of something, but I tried to tell you the process because this is all so interesting to me.
Over the last three years—it'll be three years in June—of just growing, and now we reach millions and millions of people for Jesus every month. Millions, literally. All glory to God.
Then Facebook contacted us today and said, 'We want to discuss things with you over the phone.'I said, 'I don't want to talk to you.'It was funny because they banned me, and then one of their big people reached out to us and said, 'We want to talk to you over the phone about some of the things you're posting and if you want to be reinstated back on our platform.'I think the whole thing is interesting because I was just like, 'What do they want to say to us over the phone?'But we'll talk to them and we'll go back on Facebook.
Maybe I'll not compromise what God has told me to say. He said, 'I want you to say the hard things,'and I'll continue to do it and I'm sold out to it.
It's not always going to be easy. He said, 'Brandon, I didn't tell you it would be easy.
I said I'd be with you and it's doable.'I said, 'What am I supposed to say to that?
I never told you it'd be easy.'Diana, we laugh about that all the time when Jesus said that.
He said, 'I never told you it'd be easy.'Brandon, you have anything?
I've talked way too long. Right. Yeah. What building is that, baby?
I was trying to find that beat. No one sent a beat. It doesn't work. Don't worry about it. We're way past that now. Okay.
So, we're going to pray over President Trump and the decision he's going to make by tomorrow.
As I've rambled, I want you to hear what he said concerning this video about the spies.
Do you remember when I told you we had rats? We have rats in the Pentagon. Does anybody remember? I want you just to be real.
Do you remember when I told you there were rats in the Pentagon and I told you he had badges all over his vest?
And I saw him. I saw a man and I said, 'Watch. There's rats in the Pentagon and he's leaking information.'Look at this.
This is very interesting today. Does anybody remember me saying there were rats in the Pentagon?
There's rats in the White House. There's rats. They're around President Trump.
Now, listen to this. This is interesting when you add that to it.
We have to find that leaker because that's a sick person. They probably didn't realize the extent of how bad it was.
I can't imagine that the person did, but we're going to find out.
It's national security, and the person that did the story will go to jail if he doesn't say.
And that doesn't last long. I think everybody would understand it. They put this mission at great risk.
They put that man at great risk and they put the hundreds of people that went in looking for him because everyone now knows that we're going in.
Don't you think that's interesting? We have to figure out who the leaker is.
Who's the leaker? Who's telling our secrets? Somebody in the press, but where'd they get it from?
Who's the leaker? Who's leaking? Time is up actually today.
So I gave him 11:00, I guess, indirectly. I thought it was inappropriate the day after Easter.
I want to be a nice person. They have until tomorrow. Now we'll see what happens.
I can tell you they're negotiating, we think, in good faith. We're going to find out.
We're getting the help of some incredible countries that want this to be ended because it affects them also.
A lot of people are affected by this, but we're giving them until tomorrow Eastern time.
And after that, they're going to have no bridges. They're going to have no power plants.
Stone Age. Time is up actually today. The Lord said he was going to knock them back to the Stone Age.
I think he'll end up doing it. If that ends up happening, I saw they won't be able to affect Iraq anymore.
There is a plan because of the power of our military where every bridge in Iran will be decimated by tomorrow night, where every power plant in Iran will be out of business, burning, exploding, and never to be used again.
I mean, complete demolition. And it'll happen over a period of four hours if we wanted to.
We don't want that to happen. We may even get involved with helping them rebuild their nation. And you know what?
If that's the case, the last thing we want to do is start with power plants, which are among the most expensive things, and bridges.
You saw the bridge. We were very close to a deal. And then I got a call from Mr. Witkoff, Mr.
Kushner, and JD saying, 'I think they're breaking the deal.'I said, 'Tell them that's okay.
Don't worry about it, but tell them to look out their window and watch.'And within 45 minutes, I gave the order to knock out the biggest bridge in, I believe, the Middle East, but the biggest bridge in Iran, and within 10 minutes after I gave that order, that bridge was over.
So, do I want to do that? No. Do I want to destroy their infrastructure? No. It will take them a hundred years to rebuild right now.
If we left today, it would take them 20 years to rebuild their country and it would never be as good as it was.
And the only way they're going to be able to rebuild their country is to utilize the genius of the United States of America. Wow, that's really strong. I didn't hear him say that.
Well, there's a lot there to pray about because as we see that when the Lord said they would be brought back to the Stone Age, the Lord said they're going to retaliate with their hidden cells in your own nation.
Pray for your power grids and for your substations. I saw some cities being without power for up to over a month.
Some cities would not have power for over a month. And it was so bad they weren't able to do banking like they wanted to.
Chase, I saw certain banks completely closed. I saw stock markets not working. It was major craziness and it was hot outside.
I remember people were very hot, but they were shining the lights on the buildings, even downtown New York, keeping the lights with emergency lighting, trying to have reflection for it to have a source of light on glass-front, mirrored-front buildings, trying to put spotlights to shine off of them to bounce it to make light.
I saw this, but as I was watching the train going through that had some kind of device like in Ocean's Eleven that would send forth a pulse into these substations to knock and fry them out with some kind of electric weapon.
I don't know what this was, but it was in the back of a boxcar going down the railroad tracks as it would go and it would only go off whenever it was told to.
So it would go through a major city and it would keep going. Does that make sense?
And so the Lord said, 'Pray over your gas plants, your oil plants, Tuttle, Oklahoma, Houston area, Louisiana, so on and so on.'Every place that has a major oil rig or gas rigs, pray over the Gulf.
I saw a BP oil spill again—another kind of a BP oil spill trying to come forth in the Gulf of America. This is very serious.
I could see saboteurs trying to sabotage oil rigs in the Gulf, those huge platform oil rigs, trying to mess them up somehow.
I saw drones. Continue to pray about the drones, using drones against baseball stadiums like the New York Yankees.
Pray for drones in baseball stadiums. If you see drones flying close down and it feels weird and you're at a game, get up until you know if there's safety.
I saw it being landed down with some kind of explosive device and being set off in these stadiums.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray for this stuff. These people are sick.'And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
Pray over the race, the marathons on the 20th in Boston. Pray over the marathons.
Pray over mass gatherings. We prayed over the churches for Easter and we had great success.
Now our job is not done. The Lord is calling us to pray for major gatherings, like Coachella.
Pray for Coachella. That comes in a couple of months or next month or this month.
A lot of people go to these places that are not sober. Play this. This is last year, March 23rd of 2025. Ready? Go ahead.
'You're going to turn it around for good, Father, for they're on both sides.'They're on both sides.
But there's a mole within. There's a mole again. And I see a mole in our own facility and a mole in our own government.
I see one person, and they are trying to do this secretly. They try to devise the plans of what we're trying to do secretly. We call this mole found; we call the mole uncovered.
We say in the name of Jesus, 'You are uncovered.'Even after work, when they get off, they are trying to communicate in a way that will not get them caught through an avenue of hidden communication.
It's almost a deciphered code—only they would know how to use certain words with certain letters.
They're like numbered. It's not family they're talking to.
It goes from telephone to telephone, relayed twice: one and then another.
It goes deeper; it's a deep trail. It's not directly to them; it goes from here to here to here.
It's twice: one and then there. I see it; this is well thought out.
We pray over our servicemen and women in Iraq. We pray for our bases in Iraq.
We pray a hedge of blood around and about them right now from any surprise attack.
We pray a hedge around and about our servicemen and women in the name of Jesus that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it; we command it in the name of Jesus to bow its knee.
We pray a hedge of blood around Iraq. We pray for wisdom for Trump making these decisions ahead.
It's like a chess match. He needs wisdom; we pray for wisdom for his mind.
We pray for the people around him not to think with a reprobate mind. We pray a hedge around his mind.
We thank you, Lord, that he thinks through you to a higher level than he's ever thought before.
Because he has to make the right choice, this choice will turn out a new outcome.
He has to see like chess, how many steps ahead. It's not just one move; it's seeing the other moves before he needs to move it.
What will this do if you make this one, so that you're always ahead?
It's not just playing one position at a time; it's playing five positions at a time.
I see him; he needs to make strategic plans. He's running them through his mind right now, measuring each plan and decision.
But he needs not his plan, but the Holy Ghost's plan. So we pray for his mind and for his spirit to catch it.
We catch it right now in the name of Jesus out of the realm of the spirit, and we pull it to him.
We catch it for him and for the body of Christ. He may not know how to pray through it, but we pray it.
We bring it forth in the name of Jesus: the divine plan of knowing what to do to make the step to go right through.
Not just what we think is right in our own mind, but what is right by what the hand of the Lord says and what the voice of the Lord would say.
We call it forth in the name of Jesus. They're trying to poke the beehive; that's what they're going to do.
They try to stir it up over here. sleight of hand, folks; I see it.
They want to stir it up over here to keep you occupied while hiding in the mountains.
We call those hostages released. If there's any more alive, we call the hostages released.
We take authority over this demonic spirit that tries to rule over this area and kill these people.
Father, we thank you. The very pit they dug, the very trap they've dug—this is the only leverage they have anymore.
They can't give away all their cards; they can't reveal all their cards.
It's amazing; there's so much here. This is not just a one-time project.
The Lord says, 'Listen to that again.'Many days over this leak, many days of prayer.
Praying over the leaker because that's a sick person who probably didn't realize the extent of how bad it was.
It's national security, and the person that did the story will go to jail if he doesn't say.
They put this mission at great risk, they put that man at great risk, and they put the hundreds of people that went in looking for him at risk.
There's a leak because everyone now knows that we're going in.
When I was looking into that back in March of last year, the Lord was showing me something in great detail. I saw military men and women.
The Lord said, 'Pray for these people; they're in danger, for the leak will cause these people to be in danger.'That's why I said to pray over the bases.
Back in March of last year, there was no reason to. The Lord said, 'Pray over these bases; it's bigger than just this rescue mission.'God was giving us something a year in advance.
We see in the future to tell you that you must pray over the bases in the Middle East. Why? In March of last year, that didn't make sense, did it?
Most people were going, 'Why pray over the?'I said, 'A major war; I've seen it.'But there's a leak; there is a rat.
I believe with all my heart He's going to lead us and we're going to uncover the rat.
We're going to expose the mole. Father, we just thank you for the body.
We never come into this river of prayer without taking communion first.
We're so grateful for accuracy and that you tell us that which is to come. We're being used for the kingdom for such a time as this.
Father, we keep ourselves right before you and you show us the secret hidden things.
We lift up this body right now in the name of Jesus, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
We plead the blood; I make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of me.
I plead the blood over my mind, over me right now in Jesus'name.
From the top of my head to the soles of my feet. I thank you, Father. I thank you, Lord.
We plead the blood over any vision, any kind of satanic incantation, chant, voodoo, whatever it may be, that it does not bother us.
We hear your voice and a stranger's voice will not follow. I plead the blood over my ears, Father.
I plead the blood over what you show me. And I will not be snared by any kind of demonic spirits.
I thank you, Father, that I cover my eyes. I cover my spiritual eyes.
And I humble myself before you, Father. And I thank you, Father, that you use me one more time today.
Thank you, Lord, that we are always at your feet. And I take this blood right now in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. How long have we been going? Over an hour. All right. Ready? Y'all want to go tubing with me?
Let's pray for a little bit here and we will pray for our president for about another hour.
We are going to pray over these big decisions. This is the valley of decision.
Yep, there it is already. I feel it coming on. I exalt thee. I exalt thee.
I exalt thee, oh Lord. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord, and we exalt thee.
We exalt thee. We exalt thee, oh Lord. We exalt thee. We exalt thee.
We exalt thee, oh Lord, and I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord.
We exalt thee. We exalt thee. We exalt thee, oh Lord. We magnify you.
We magnify your name. We magnify your name in all the earth. We glorify your name.
We glorify your name in all the earth. We glorify your name. We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you. We praise you. We adore you. We glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name. We glorify your name in all the earth. We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth. We glorify your name. We glorify your name in all the earth, and all the earth.
We magnify you. We glorify you. We lift our hands before you.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen.
We praise and we adore you, bowing down before you. Hear the words.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen.
We praise and we adore thee, bowing down before you, Father. We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, as we just push down through that water.
We push down through that water. Father, we worship. We worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praises singing, hallelujah ringing. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Amen. We worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praises singing. Yes. Ringing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Amen. We praise you and we adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praises singing. Hallelujah. Yes. Ringing. We worship and adore you, bowing down before you when you are singing it.
It is when you are singing it, don't just let it be words that you are just echoing out of you like a parrot, but picture yourself doing exactly what you are singing about.
Make the praise real coming up out of you so that you are not just singing words, but you are worshiping the living God.
You are worshiping the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. And when you are saying, We worship and adore you, bowing down before you, bowing down.
Songs of praises singing hallelujah ringing. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Amen, Father, we worship you. You know, he is such a loving Father.
It is funny. He talks to me about sports. Is that what is on your heart today? Lord, you are so personable in every way.
As we worship you, you bring him out of that realm of religiousness and bring him into personal relationship with you.
How would you talk to somebody that was a dear close friend or a companion?
How would you talk to your spouse? You share your most intimate secrets with your wife or your husband.
You share your desires, you share your love, you share everything in a good marriage.
And as you strip the walls of all this religious stuff and you come before him stripped down just as I am.
Just as I am, without one plea, I come. Oh, I like Billy Graham.
To rid my soul of one dark blot, to thee, oh Lamb of God, I come. I come. Strip me down, Lord.
All the stuff that holds me back, that I can stand before you just as I am.
We come before you so boldly, not by our own, but by Jesus, what he did for us.
Thank you for Jesus, Lord. Thank you for his blood. Thank you, Lord, that I was a sinner and I am saved by grace.
I am so thankful, Father, that I am no longer underneath the devil's boot, but he is under mine.
Thank you, Lord, that I have dominion and authority and power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
The blood. The blood. The blood. The blood. Be still. The glory zone is filling the room.
I can feel it. Be still. My voice. Jesus. Jesus, you are glorious.
Jesus, we exalt you. We magnify you. Oh Father, we thank you in the presence of Jehovah God Almighty.
Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty. Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended.
When I said that right then, the Lord said there are some of you that are believing for an actual physical heart.
There are things going on with your heart right now. And there is healing flowing through that heart.
Some of us have a broken heart. You have a broken heart. And the Lord is bringing restoration to that heart.
This event in your life caused so much pain. It was a great betrayal.
It was a marriage and in this marriage I believe it was infidelity and in this you are so wounded that it is almost like it takes your breath because of the pain of this infidelity.
And the Lord is bringing a brand new wave of his peace over you and he is mending this wounded heart.
Then there are others that I see valves that have been so clogged from the blood flow that there is damage to the heart that the heart is not even functioning with the full heart.
There is only a percentage of it. And the Lord is restoring the heart.
Reach out and receive it by faith. Say, That is my heart. I call my body healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
Over these chambers, complete healing and wholeness and wellness is flowing over this heart right now.
You feel a warmth on the heart. You feel a warmth on this heart. Those valves and the damage.
It looks like what is interesting in this, what I am seeing, it looks like it is not even hardly functioning like the blood flow.
It looks like it is almost like a purple color. It is not right like it is supposed to.
Be healed in Jesus'name. Right where you are sitting, I call you healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. Be healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Breathing easier, circulation in your skin coming back, blood flow and the coloring of your skin coming back at a greater capacity.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness in Jesus'name. We call healing, healing, healing, healing in Jesus'name.
Visceral fat. I see the fat on the outer side of it. We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord for healing of the hearts. Healing of the hearts.
Healing of the hearts. Healing of the hearts. Healing of the hearts in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Yep. I see the vein. Okay. And in this vein, I see the clog on this.
It is coming like a blue vein with yellow like you would see on a diagram of plaque and the blood flow.
It is clogged and the flow is not flowing like it is supposed to.
And they said, We got to have stents. We got to open this up. And this is with a famous minister.
Don't you dare. Do you understand what I'm saying? I see it very clearly.
The Lord is healing and restoring this person's heart. I see a complete roar.
God is giving you a roar, cleaning you out. This is adding years to your life, years that you will finish strong.
Over that heart, over the valves, I see a throbbing. It is actually aching, and you feel that pain come on and you think, what is that?
You are having symptoms of something and you are almost ignoring it.
You pop a blood thinner out of the cabinet trying to thin it down when you have these aches.
It is much more serious than what you realize, but the Lord is sparing your life and we are going to call you healed, whole, and well.
I still would not ignore it; I would go to the doctor and get a checkup.
But it is the thickening of the blood. A cleansing of the arteries.
Every artery, every blood flow in the legs, specifically in the legs.
And I see it in your ankles, all through the legs, all through the blood.
Gout. I pray over the legs, the calves, and the ankles. We call you healed and whole in Jesus'name.
We call it out by faith. I see all through your toes, they are almost like a purple color.
This is bad circulation because of the heart. We call you healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. I agree with you, whoever you are.
There are a lot of people on here, but it could be multiple people we are praying for tonight that have this going on.
We are calling for healing for the hearts and the organs in your body, for your veins and your blood flow to last, to live long, and to finish strong.
We pray over these bodies and these hearts. I believe you are healed.
I believe with all my heart that today is your day for a brand-new start.
I believe Jesus is a healer and a restorer in the name of Jesus. Do you believe it?
Let us pray together that you are healed, whole, and well in Jesus'name.
The Lord said we are taking a different direction now. He wants to pray over the extremities, the ankles, and the knees.
This has even affected your vision. I see the blood flow in the vein and the blood getting to your vision.
Let go. We thank you, Lord. I believe you are going to get a good report.
When you go back and get a checkup, you are going to get a good report.
You have been having bad reports, but I believe with you. I receive it now by faith in Jesus'name.
With long life, you will satisfy them and show them your salvation.
You believe it with me, Braden? I believe it. They are healed, whole, and well.
We are agreeing with you, oh God. Father, we pray over President Trump.
He is stronger than he has ever been. His mind functions like it is supposed to.
He is smart and able to lead this nation like he is supposed to, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Thank you, Father, for the restoration of all things over President Trump.
You increase the years, the blessing, and the healing over his body.
We pray over his sons, Eric and Don Jr., and over Kai, Tiffany, Baron, and Ivanka.
We pray over their children. We pray that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We plead the blood of Jesus over his family and his wife. Father, Melania is covered.
I pray over those Secret Service right there. No compromise.
They will be strong, vigilant, and watching. We thank you, Lord, that they have wisdom. We pray over J.D. Vance and his wife's pregnancy.
We thank you, Lord, that there are no complications and that the baby has all 10 fingers and all 10 toes.
No deformities. Father, let it be a full-term baby, healthy, whole, and well in Jesus'name.
We call for Usha to be born again in Jesus'name. It is a hard name. We call Mrs. Vance, Usha, saved in Jesus'name.
I thank you that she would have a supernatural visitation from you in the midnight hour.
I call her born again, radically saved. I call her into the kingdom of God.
She will be strong. I call her baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire. I call forth J.D.
Vance to be baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire and a radical conversion. Lord, we believe.
Wonderful the matchless grace of Jesus, wider than the mighty rolling sea.
Grace all-sufficient for me. He is broader than the scope of my transgressions.
J.D. Vance needs the wonderful grace of Jesus, greater than all my sins.
Take away my burden, set my spirit free, for the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.
Higher than the mountain, sparkling like a fountain. Magnify the precious name of Jesus.
Praise his name. We will have to listen to it over and over, but I have heard Sister Billy sing it.
That is where I got it from. I remember her singing it. Sister Billy sings these old songs and I try to memorize them when she sings them.
I love the older generals. Boy, they have the old song. Father, wonderful grace of Jesus reaching to all the lost.
By it I have been pardoned, saved to the utmost. Chains have been torn asunder, giving me liberty.
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me. Father, it is okay, honey.
Father, we are so grateful. I could tell you what I see concerning this, but it is private. So we just pray for JD Vance to have what Lord said.
Father, we call for the decisions that will be made in the next couple of hours here over the bridges and the electric grid of Iran and the decisions that he will make.
We ask, Father, that he will not be led by his flesh, but he will be led by the spirit and he will play this as a chess game.
That President Trump has wisdom and he will go with his peace.
He will go with the instruction of the Holy Spirit on how to do it and which bridge to hit first, which electric plant to hit first, and that it would be a strategic beating of the drum, sending this administration completely back to the stone age.
Father, I thank you for the people of Iran will rise up and revolt against this evil tyrant government, those that are in power.
And that, Father, when it is done, it will be a glorious revival all throughout Iran.
Oh man, that is what I see. It is so clear. I see the gray-headed, bald-headed man again.
The prince. Do you hear me, son? I see that prince again. We pray for covering over the prince.
That guy. There is an octopus around him. This is a black octopus with black tentacles.
There is a black octopus around the man that is trying to lead.
It looks like a kraken, like a huge sea creature that has black tentacles and bats.
There are big looking wing bats all around him. He is not good.
Trading one evil for another is still evil. Regardless if it is a lesser evil, evil is evil.
Yes, I know. I see it so clear there. I see the octopus. I see these bats.
There is a swarm of them. There is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven bats.
Yes. Do you remember I saw all that oil coming up in Venezuela?
I saw wells of oil coming for, drill baby drill, drill baby drill. The king. I see Boston again. I see Boston very clear.
Oh, I see certain events taking place and a lot of people relocating.
I hear major terrorist-like events that will shake people and I see them packing up and relocating.
I see a mass migration coming again, but not from the south, but from the north.
It is a mass migration and I have already told you about property.
Yes, I know. Stay prepared and it is Oklahoma. We thank you Lord.
We thank you Lord. We thank you Lord. We thank you Lord. Hallelujah for being in the right place at the right time.
Say it. I am always in the right place at the right time following the voice of the Holy Spirit concerning my life.
I am in the right place at the right time. I am in the right place at the right time following the voice of the Holy Spirit concerning my life.
Do you believe it? And I see them leaving Seattle. I see them leaving by the groves coming out of Seattle.
Come on. I see Alex Jones again. We pray for Alex Jones. We pray for Alex Jones. We pray a protection around and about him.
We pray a Holy Ghost and fire on Alex Jones that he would become a voice even greater for the gospel than we have ever seen before.
We pray over his family. We pray over if he has a marriage. I do not know if he is married, but I pray over his family in Jesus'name.
We pray a hedge around and about him. We pray over Alex. We pray over the people of alternative media that they will not be compromised.
They will stand and say the things that need to be said. They will not be compromised.
Father, we thank you Lord. We thank you Lord that they will not be compromised.
Over our troops and Iran. The next round. The next round. There is one more round.
There is one more major. I see this one more round. And in doing so, it is strategic plans.
It is not all of them. It will be strategic infrastructure of major cities.
I see. It will not be all of them. And I see the wells. I see the oil wells.
I see natural gas wells. I see economic growth. I see him. It is still the strait.
I see the strait. Father, I thank you for strategic wisdom concerning the strait.
Strategic wisdom concerning the strait for President Trump.
Strategic wisdom. We thank you Lord. We thank you Lord. We thank you Lord that is coming to pass.
We thank you Lord for breakthrough. We thank you Lord for the breakthrough.
We thank you Lord whether we stay in that vein. It is interesting tonight.
I am seeing about the we are praying into the waterfall edge, keeping Trump from going that keeping the economy from going over this waterfall edge for the plan B concerning the tariffs.
What it is doing with I told you because the tariffs did not work because of the Supreme Court and all that was said about the Supreme Court and when they said we cannot have the tariffs and we are going to make all and I said the next thing will come was war and coming against it and I said this will be the plan B was plan A was the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court failed us. Then I saw to bring forth the American economy I said, Get ready because you are about to see a war and that has come to pass.
Do you remember that? Now, I am looking into it again. You all take a little bit more time with me.
I am seeing some stuff here and I am seeing about the economy concerning the tariffs and the decisions that will be made in the days ahead concerning the United States of America and going on with the strait and the crippling of the economy of Iran to bring it back over for the Venezuela, the Gulf and our oil to bring forth the petro dollar.
And I even see we have stakes in Iraq because of the first Iraqi war.
And I see these oil wells pumping, pumping, pumping as Iran is crippled back to the stone age.
And the oil, drill baby drill, bringing forth a petro dollar. Watch Iraq. Watch this. It is something about Iran.
And I see this and I am looking into this concerning the oil, the gas industry in Iraq, concerning Venezuela of why we did this because it was plan B.
Plan A was this and Supreme Court come against it. And it is a plan B to save America.
How do we make America great again? But this is actually to try to extend the time.
That is why Europe is not a part of it. They want agenda 2030. They want Trump is the log in the road.
They want social credit scores. They want to manipulate the finances.
They want to tell you you do not have freedom of speech in those areas to say, Listen, you are a hate speech like it is in Canada.
They are going to vote in the Senate. And I see these things and this is why I have always told you Carney is with Europe and with England and with the royals. And I said this is why I saw this.
Remember I if you go and you put the pieces together what I am seeing right now and even going with Germany, with Emmanuel Macron, with Italy and then I told you you will see Turkey take over the strait concerning the Black Sea.
And I said, You are going to hear the war drums of Turkey. And he puts on a vampire cape and starts to take over the straits that the passageways going into the Black Sea coming out of Turkey.
I see a conflict of military escalation concerning Turkey and the Black Sea, coinciding with Russia in the days ahead. That's what I'm praying into tonight.
I'm looking at this and it's all about the economy, a chess game, but it's about this Dracula and Russia in the days ahead concerning what comes out of the Black Sea.
It's all about who is dominating. It's global empires. As Trump, I told you, would stand upon a circus and he would crack his whip towards Russia.
He would crack his whip towards the dragon and the bear, and he would crack his whip towards Cuba.
He would crack his whip toward these things through Iran. He's cracking his whip towards North Korea in the days ahead.
He said, 'I'm friends with him.'Watch. I said 'he'because Kim Jong-un is a social pariah.
And I said, 'This is what's going to happen with Kim Jong-un.
This is what I'm seeing.'And they will use him as a pawn in the days ahead.
China will use Kim Jong-un as a pawn, promising him a seat at the table with Russia, with BRICS, with what they want to do.
'We will promise you a seat at the table.'They say the Lord said, 'Pray.'This is what we're praying for: President Trump concerning the economic structure of America.
Praying even when I see Jerome Powell, he's done in the next couple of weeks to set the new one in.
The new seats are coming in, the new changing. There's so much here.
It's kind of like the game of Risk. You know that battle game that they used to play as a kid?
It's like the battle; you send out your army and your troops.
Everything that you're about to see, the Lord just said, everything that you're about to see is an acceleration and it's time to go.
Everything that you're about to see even more. I told you an acceleration from Passover birthing pains will now double.
He said as of last Wednesday and you'll see the birthing pains double, an acceleration of things because we're about to go.
Well, what is that in God's time? You said, 'Brandon, is that tomorrow?'I don't know.
I don't pinpoint what He's saying. Well, it's going to be two years, it's going to be five years, I don't know.
All I know is His timing is perfect. But I'm seeing a stage being set, the tables being set.
Everything is coming into great focus. God is using President Trump.
We thank You, Lord, for all that You're showing us tonight. Father, we're so humbled that You would show us anything.
Thank You, Father. To be continued. This is so important. Father, we thank You, Lord.
What the President does in this next valley of decision—I told you he was coming up to a new valley of decision—this is it.
And the decisions he makes right now, and this will go into Cuba, this will go into all this what's going on, deals being made.
I see, still again, about minerals and heavy metal mineral deals about cobalt and I see major heavy metal minerals and these things being done out of Greenland.
Major deals being struck, multibillion-dollar business deals.
And you see why Carney's being so pigheaded because he wants to join up with Europe because he has that same globalist mentality that they have.
That's what I'm seeing: a globalist mentality for 2030. Agenda 2030, as he lines up with the lizards.
We thank You, Father, that good always wins and we triumph over evil.
No matter what they're planning or what they're plotting to try to cause black swan events, we call all black swan events uncovered.
Every black swan, every type of insider like no repeats of 9/11 for many, many 9/11s.
And I see him trying to take two steps forward, but they'll try to knock him two steps back. I see him taking little baby steps versus big steps.
I see big steps in economic growth coming, and they're going to try to knock him down with these attacks.
Pray against these attacks. It's about the electric grid, the oil.
Remember the oil, the electric grid, our infrastructure through black swan events.
These attacks, pray against them. I see Trump taking great steps forward and them trying to knock him back.
It's to try to derail what he's doing. Father, we pray for Homeland Security.
We pray for our FBI. We pray for our CIA. God, we pray for a good CIA.
We pray for the good NSA. We pray for all the leaks to be uncovered.
Every leak to be uncovered, an uncovering in Jesus'name over our nation, that they'll be caught in the web they try to deceive us with.
Father, we call the web down for every deception, every kind of root of deception; hidden moles in the camp will be uncovered in the name of Jesus Christ.
We call the moles to be uncovered in every area of government because I can see them in bed.
Remember I told you I saw the money that was going to Ukraine and it was in secret accounts of up to $24 billion?
Do you remember I told you I saw $24 billion and that it was being funded back into the Democratic party during the election times?
It was in strategic accounts and they would call upon that money, and I saw money flooding into certain people's accounts and it was out of war money that's disappeared.
Does everybody remember that? I told you even the figure I saw, $24 billion. It was very strategic.
And I saw certain accounts and they went into these accounts and the Lord said, 'Pray for those accounts.
It's election time again.'So, I know I say a lot, but we're running out of time. America's in trouble.
And many of you have your head in the sand concerning the globalists and what's trying to take place to take our land.
And we have just a few good people in office and a few good people that really care about this nation.
It's truly a crying shame because of all the people that we have that are just the banksters, the cartel, the people that are paid off, that are just dark individuals that are blackmailed because of things they got tapes on them from Epstein and all this darkness that I see because they have to do what they're told to do because they have blackmail on them.
I told you, from celebrities to sports figures to politicians to big business people, I said they have to do what they're told to do or they'll embarrass them. They'll ruin their marriages.
I saw people that had tapes and scandals on them that were embarrassed about it and they were drugged, they were high, they were drunk and they got set up and they actually got footage of stuff and the Lord said they use this stuff to blackmail them.
It's much darker than people ever will realize. And that's what the Lord told us.
He said, 'I keep praying into this, but this is even darker when it comes to Zelensky.'I saw the darkness concerning this man and praying over Carney.
Canada needs revival. There's a lot here. But I'm so glad you came for the two hours and 20 minutes.
We prayed quite a bit tonight. I apologize that we talked too much at the beginning, but I had a lot I had to say there.
I felt like it was anointed by the Lord. Just when I'm over in this river, I keep looking around and it takes me sometimes a little bit to get there.
But when I get there, like I did tonight, I'm looking around.
I'm looking into Canada right now. I'm looking into England.
And it hasn't lifted off of me yet. I'm just taking time here.
I'm walking, I'm going through France. Things have been put on hold.
Things have been put on hold. It's Trump; he's standing in the way. It's the four oak trees. Do you remember the four oak trees?
I see four oak trees with leaves and four oak trees without leaves.
I'm telling you what I'm seeing: I see the log in the road, and I see Macron.
Macron's running out of time concerning his position. He's running out of time, but I see him stepping into another role soon.
There's another opportunity; there's something more than Macron is about to do.
The Lord said, "You haven't seen the last of him yet."I see this new person in France that looks like the guy over CNN—the man that is homosexual, you know what I'm talking about on CNN.
The gray guy. I see a man with gray hair who looks like the man on CNN.
His name is Cooper—Anderson Cooper. He looks similar to Cooper, and he's in France.
We thank you, Lord. I see 2027 highlighted, but it has fire around it and red lights.
A freeze, a freeze, a freeze. We praise you, Father. Hallelujah.
I think that's good enough tonight. Two and a half hours is good tonight.
I could keep going for a long time, but I know you're going to go to work tomorrow. I need to know: Do you know Jesus?
All the things we're praying about are about the coming of the Lord, and nothing matters unless you know Him.
Many of you tonight have said, "Brandon, I think this is a little strange."But as you become a mature believer and grow up and get born again, you'll understand more as you go.
This isn't baby-level stuff; this is big girl, big boy level stuff.
I know many of you are hungry and searching because you want to know what's coming. You feel something's coming, and it is. Jesus is coming.
I truly believe many of you watching want to be born again or you've known Him before, but you're backsliding.
You're not where you should be. Tonight, I want to say a simple prayer for you and close this out.
But I have to make sure that if there's just one here tonight who would tell me, "Brandon, I don't know where I would spend eternity if I were to die tonight.
Please pray for me. I've been so tormented, I can't sleep, and I have fear.
I'm usually trying to go to sleep right now for work, but I'm so tormented I can't even sleep. I found you and I'm asking, could somebody pray for me?
I don't know how I'm going to keep going on like this."You're up at night, your cortisol levels are high, and you're freaking out because of bills and everything going on.
We're here for you. We're a family here. I know there are people from all around the world, but we're the body of Christ.
Even on the East Coast or in Europe, you're going, "Brandon, would you just pray for me?"We love you and Jesus loves you.
Tonight is your night to come home and surrender all to Jesus.
As you're laying there listening on your phone, we want you to know we love you. Say, "Jesus, I want you back in my life.
I surrender all."If you're ready to get real with God, I want to say a simple prayer, but you have to mean it with your heart and get bold.
Tonight is my night. I'm going to sell out to Jesus. I am so tired of the status quo and ready for change.
All you have to do is mean it with your whole heart. Say: "Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and rose again on the third day. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins and give me a fresh, clean start tonight.
I turn my back on my sin, the devil, and the darkness I was practicing.
From this day forward, I'm sold out to You. I make You my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I will serve You with everything I have.
I thank You, Lord, that I am born again and that if I were to die tonight, I'll be with You in paradise.
Peace floods my heart and mind, and I will sleep soundly because I am resting in You. I was a sinner saved by grace.
Old things are gone; all things are new."I believe that tonight you just got born again.
If you're asking what to do now, go to a Bible-believing church.
Get excited about it. Read your Bible every day. If you don't have one, we will give you a Bible for free.
Email us and put in the headline, "I just got born again,"along with your name and address.
We'll get it to you in a week or so. Welcome to the family. Please stick around, like, subscribe, and click the notification.
We're raising up a million men and women prayer army for the glory of God.
Jesus Christ is coming again. All 39 of you that got saved tonight, welcome home.
The best is yet to come for the baby Christians here. We'll keep teaching the Word of God and how to live by faith.
We're about to see an amazing glorious outpouring. Welcome home.
Tell them welcome. Isn't that exciting? 39 people in the middle of the night.
People are watching. They're trying to go to bed; they can't go to bed.
The Lord showed me one individual in particular. He said, "They're up right now.
Pray for them. They can't go to sleep because they're tormented.
But you have peace now, and you're going to sleep well. You're going to dream of heaven and heavenly places.
You're going to have good, sweet dreams. Sleep soundly in Jesus'name.
No more torment. Amen and amen. Well, we pray this video blessed you.
This livestream blessed you tonight. Thank you for being here with us.
It's so wonderful that many hands make light work, and we are praying for the change of so many different things tonight.
It's pretty overwhelming. Wow. Isn't Jesus wonderful? He shows us so much, and he wants us to change the nations for him.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you that you could be watching something else, doing something else, but you chose to spend your time with us.
And I'm so thankful for you. Thank you for taking prayer seriously.
Thank you for praying with me. It means so much. There are so many of you that sacrifice so much time to pray.
And I believe God's raising up generals in the prayer army that you will stand, and God's going to give you a great reward and say, 'You did it.
Welcome home. Thank you.'So, the best is yet to come for us. I believe it.
And we'll pray again. And we'll keep praying. We love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again. God bless you all."